last week I think we've released proof
of concept one of polka dots at karate
and so thank you I wasn't evolve at all
and so I've been working on switching
from the current back-end for networking
which is the p2p the same thing as
Network as if your muse is truly p2p
which is what we want to use in the end
for polka dot and I've just achieved a
prototype during this week so this is
going to be extremely short an extremely
short presentation I'm spawning a boots
node with the key Alice hence the black
bar so this boot node is just waiting
right now and in my second terminal oops
I found a second node there are a few
errors but it's connected and it's now
proposing blocks which are received by
the boot node and that's it no no it's
like it's a protocol specific - I mean
insulin protocol we designed ourselves
so what we're doing is we're just try to
connect two nodes we discover nodes and
then we report them to another part of a
code which tries to connect to them and
then actually don't know how that works
afterwards unfortunately but yeah